feat(eslint-plugin): add rule `prefer-literal-enum-member` (#1898)
typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint: packages/eslint-plugin/docs/rules/no-identifier-enum-member.md

each enum member becomes a variable in that scope, unexpected values could be used at runtime. Example:

```ts
const imOutside = 2;
const b = 2;
enum Foo {
  outer = imOutside,
  a = 1,
  b = a,
  c = b,
  // does c == Foo.b == Foo.c == 1?
  // or does c == b == 2?
}
```

The answer is that `Foo.c` will be `1` at runtime. The [playground](https://www.typescriptlang.org/play/#src=const%20imOutside%20%3D%202%3B%0D%0Aconst%20b%20%3D%202%3B%0D%0Aenum%20Foo%20%7B%0D%0A%20%20%20%20outer%20%3D%20imOutside%2C%0D%0A%20%20%20%20a%20%3D%201%2C%0D%0A%20%20%20%20b%20%3D%20a%2C%0D%0A%20%20%20%20c%20%3D%20b%2C%0D%0A%20%20%20%20%2F%2F%20does%20c%20%3D%3D%20Foo.b%20%3D%3D%20Foo.c%20%3D%3D%201%3F%0D%0A%20%20%20%20%2F%2F%20or%20does%20c%20%3D%3D%20b%20%3D%3D%202%3F%0D%0A%7D) illustrates this quite nicely.

## Rule Details

This rule is meant to prevent unexpected results in code by prohibiting the use of identifiers (aka variables) as enum members to prevent unexpected runtime behavior. All other values should be allowed since they do not have this particular issue.

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```ts
const str = 'Test';
enum Invalid {

>   A = str, // Variable assignment
> }

Reviewer: might as well be clear to show that you can't reference a local enum member.

```suggestion
  A = str, // Variable assignment
  B = A, // Enum member assignment
}
```

Author: Sure.

```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```ts
enum Valid {
  A,
  B = 'TestStr', // A regular string
  C = 4, // A number
  D = null,
  E = /some_regex/,
  F = 2 + 2, // Expressions
  G = {}, // Objects
  H = [], // Arrays

>   I = new Set([1, 2, 3]), // Any constructable class
> }

Reviewer: might as well be clear and show you can use explicit namespace references

```suggestion
  I = new Set([1, 2, 3]), // Any constructable class
  J = Valid.A, // Enum namespace reference
}
```

Author: Actually, I hadn't intended this as valid behavior.  Will need to do some checking when I get back to the code this weekend.

Author: So, I was too naïve in my initial implementation.  Allowing objects, arrays, template literals, and constructors will still enable people to run afoul of the no-shadow rule since all those expression types can use variables from the current or parent scope.  Instead, I've switched up this rule to be `prefer-literal-enum-member` and I've made it error it anything other that a literal value is used as an enum member.  Let me know if this makes sense or if you feel the rule is inappropriate.

```

## Options

> There are no options.

Reviewer: delete this section please

Author: OK.

## When Not To Use It

> If you want the value of an enum member to be stored as a variable, do not use this rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want use the value of a variable for an enum member's value.
```
